It doesn't matter who he is and who I am
Mr. Ye has been with you for three years
Finally, this is the result.
Yue Longyuan doesn't need you to explain
I just met him by chance
Do you think I would believe it?
Good idea.
My daughter and Zhao Jie are just a partnership
You are here to get married
You seduced a vixen yourself
Divorce and marriage must be divorced from him
If it weren't for Mr. Ye's face
It's not just this slap.
Ye Longyuan, it seems that you have been in prison for three years
Didn't make you change your mind
You've made it worse
A foolish woman
You are my ex-wife's husband
You have no idea how capable he is
Haha, what's so great about him?
He's just a junk who eats soft food, right?
Yue Longyuan, can you understand something?
Tonight is the day our neighbor jumps the dragon gate
Do you have to fool around?
One Leap Longmen
A mere gift from the Tang family
Let you be so carried away
Ungrateful?
Do you know what the Tang family is like?
The top giants even cross the flag
It can kill you at every turn
You are really immortal, you trash
You want to die?
Don't implicate our Lin family daughter to divorce him
clear the relationship
There's no cure for you.
You leave the Lins immediately
Don't hinder our Lin family from taking off
Nasty takeoff
Let's see if you have a chance tonight
Who do you think you are?
Do you still have the ability to stop us?
Not necessarily with me there
Since you are so heartless
I hope you don't regret it.
Mr. Ye
Since your wife doesn't want you anymore
Do you want to consider my suggestion to you?
Oh, you're not afraid of me and you
Running away from marriage is a virtue
You shouldn't be like that
I trust my judgment.
OK, I'll help you.
Help you deal with this Xiao Lingtian
It's a deal.
Yeah, OK.
So be it.
So tonight?
See you at the Kindness Hotel
Green Dragon Beni
Tell them I came to Yuan Tianmen Shenfu at night
Attend Tianmen in person
Oh, Shaojie.
Does it still hurt? Auntie is fine.
Just pointing out small injuries
It will be fine in a few days.
Ouch, you killer
Such a ruthless hand
Why is Auntie Ye Longyuan so unpromising?
They are also anxious
This kind of person?
No help, Ye Longyuan is really too much this time
Can he be jealous of others if he is not promising?
Tianjiao
I got too close to you
He's jealous, it's just wrong for him to hit people
Good news mom
The Lord God will personally attend the Dragon Gate Banquet
Wrong seal on me
Ouch hahaha
It seems that the Lord God still attaches great importance to you
It must be because you are attending the Dragon Gate Banquet in person
I heard that this god is only in his 20s
Such a great achievement
In comparison, that Night Dragon Abyss is a waste
This Dragon Abyss is not qualified to compare with the Lord God
Only men like God are true men
The banana god not only holds the front door
Or the prince of the world
It's not something that ordinary people like us can compare to
Jiajia
You know my heart
I would give everything for you
Shaojie
I appreciate all the help you have given me over the years.
But I have always regarded you as a brother
I am, Qianjiao
What about Shaojie?
Although it is not as good as dragons and phoenixes among people like the Lord of Gods
But also better than most men in the world
That Ye Longyuan
It doesn't match to give us Shaojie shoes
If you miss Shaojie, you will regret it
This stinky girl can really pretend
If it weren't for knowing that Tianmen valued the Lin family
I have already welcomed your overlord to the palace
Mom, stop talking
I'll think about it.
Mom, I just got the message.
CEO of Galaxy Group
Will also attend the Dragon Gate Banquet tonight
Negotiate an apology contract
Really hahaha
I told you our neighborhood wasn't what it used to be.
Even his Tang family asks us to cooperate
scroll